No.
Not now.
Men who can easily get it will not appreciate it anymore.
I want you to be patient for a few more days.
Not all men are the same.
Get a divorce tomorrow.
Didn't you say you didn't care if I got divorced or not?
Listen to me.
Okay, so if you want me to get a divorce...
Then you have to promise me two conditions.
Tell me.
First, you have to treat me unconditionally.
Let me bully you.
What about Monday?
Second, we just love each other, not get married.
Until one party is fed up with liking the other or dead.
Same with this first one.
The second reason is because
Because I can't stay here with you until I'm old.
Because I've been through a failed marriage.
I don't want to make that mistake again.
Okay, I promise.
Just love.
Not married.
So we had an agreement to start dating officially.
Call my name
Has anyone ever called you Ben?
Yen Yen
Darling, you're so disgusting, I'll regret it.
His name is A Yen.
But you have to call me baby
No.
Then I regret it too.
My dad said he wanted to get to know me again.
Maybe if I stay with him for a while, I'll see he's a good Autobot.
Come back.
What?
You're mine.
Forget it.
Today I will forgive you first.
Sooner or later there will be a day.
Call me baby.